The Emerald Sword, an unique and ancient Sheragi warship. (#4786)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/sheragi ships.txt

			"blast radius" 993
			"shield damage" 19930
			"hull damage" 11965
			"hit force" 11495
	outfits
		"Sheragi Anti-Missile" 2
		"Dragonflame Cannon"
		"Particle Waveform Turret" 6
		"Electromagnetic Battery"
		"Sheragi Cooling Unit"
		"Damaged Sheragi Systems"
		"Fusion Drive"
		"Jump Drive"
		"Outfits Expansion"
	engine 83 275 1.3
	engine 132 282 0.8
	engine -83 275 1.3
	engine -132 282 0.8
	turret -18 -41.5 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret 18 -41.5 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret -70 70.5 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret 70 70.5 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret -128.5 174 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret 128.5 174 "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret 0 114 "Sheragi Anti-Missile"
	turret 0 183 "Sheragi Anti-Missile"
	gun 0 -276 "Dragonflame Cannon"
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	fighter 0 220.5 back
	explode "medium explosion" 47
	explode "huge explosion" 42
	explode "tiny explosion" 60
	explode "small explosion" 26
	explode "large explosion" 39
	explode "nuke explosion" 2
	"final explode" "nuke explosion" 2
	"final explode" "nuke residue fast" 25
	"final explode" "nuke residue fast" 25

> 	description "An ancient Sheragi warship that fled from their civil war and escaped into interstellar space. Found orbiting a disconnected star, this is an impressively large ship, fit for the equally large Sheragi. The ship's main weapon is a fusion-pumped gamma ray laser. Despite the relatively low tech outfits, it's still a very brutal war machine due to its size."

Reviewer: description "An ancient Sheragi warship that was crewed by mutineers that fled from their civil war and escaped into interstellar space. Found orbiting a disconnected star, this is an impressively large ship, fit for the equally large Sheragi. The ship's main weapon is a fusion-pumped gamma-ray laser called the 'Dragonflame Cannon.' Despite the relatively primitive  outfits, it's still a very capable war machine due to its size."

> 	description "An ancient Sheragi warship that defected from their infighting to escape into interstellar space. Found orbiting a disconnected star, this is an impressively large ship, fit for the equally large Sheragi. The ship's main weapon is a fusion-pumped gamma ray laser. Despite the relatively low tech outfits, it's still a very brutal war machine due to its size."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "An ancient Sheragi warship that fled from their civil war and escaped into interstellar space. Found orbiting a disconnected star, this is an impressively large ship, fit for the equally large Sheragi. The ship's main weapon is a fusion-pumped gamma ray laser. Despite the relatively low tech outfits, it's still a very brutal war machine due to its size."
```
Replace the word "defected" with "fled" or something similar since the word defected implies that they switched to another side, which they didn't. They just fled the battlefield after they refused to take part in the Sheragi civil war.

> 	description "For the original Sheragi masters, this warship was home to around 100 individuals. For humans, however, that number nearly doubles, bringing it on par with the biggest city ships."

Reviewer: description "For its original Sheragi masters, this warship was home to around 100 individuals. For others, however, that number nearly doubles, bringing it on par with the largest city ships."

# Copyright (c) 2020 by Fernando S. Sáez
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

ship "Emerald Sword"
	sprite ship/emeraldsword
	thumbnail "thumbnail/emeraldsword"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Warship"
		cost 100000000
		shields 6000
		hull 38000
		mass 1520
		drag 19
		"heat dissipation" 0.45
		"required crew" 86
		bunks 272

> 		#"sheragi hardware" -1

Reviewer 3: Don't check in out-commented pieces of code.
